because you
Undertown is so deserted where is
everyone
I need to stretch my wings
German to get some
yeah that incursion may lead us to the
circuit drive we need you won't escape
me
I am to get some wind beneath these
wings you're trying to outrun a star
powered jet pack okay
oh good it's taking flight
how'd you stop this guy
hey chill
this jetpack isn't just for show ah you
know
Oh
Sanford amphibious it seems the
incursions are raiding Undertown tell of
old alien artifacts and valuables if
there was a mechamorph drive here
they've likely absconded with it by now
I've heard them building some sort of
elevator lift south appeal maybe they
use it to bring the valuables to the
surface it's a lead worth pursuing I'll
repent
what's the matter getting sleepy
yeah
there's a bridge to get back into the
subway but it requires two key cards to
operate try searching the caverns below
come and get
yeah